Hi everyone, how are you? I'm going back, I'm going.
show you how we're going
do to test sensor
parking is first let's go
understand what the display here is
we have that is the village side display
the right side when the
obstacle on the left side of the sensor
parking lights lit this
side
is now on the right side of the semifinals
this side and between the two sides
while also giving the distance
that it 30 centimeters to two meters at
age 10 centimeters
I just want to show you how
What are we going to do to test the sensor?
sensor - side of those who was
of car like first access to
and b with a left side sensor
then adviser identify the sensor
right side right so let's go
I'm seeing a ray sensor from 8 to 12 as
want to be your predecessors here
right then that's how I 'm going to test those
access to the
parking and works with the
principle of ultrasound ie the order
emitted by the sensor so that under
Back I know, I just interpret this.
away as it is in a hurry and
return to distance
So I guess how I put my hand.
on the parking sensor
it stops working as you are
seeing the hope side marking nothing
If I'm the one I want, I want it.
let the first sensor pocket
so he was walking there in the sensor
spray research that is working
right behind is the second set I'm going alone
Go there and back to the first second.
working the same way I'll do with
the 1 cm sensors
here is to run with jumping
solving is working there someone who
Do you love or hate him or her?
who operate such but there is a
personal problem that the following sometimes
You 're back and the car is still
to have nothing but how I will discover
which is essential to a problem
time they put you on top of you
to know if you have a
problem will stop believing in risk
This is it, so I put my hand on it.
of the first census and did not stop
I'll do the same test of the other or
put his hand in front of him there without
let no obstacle made and shows is
until you go to the lady who gave
your show to make noise because the
people found it without a hitch
Problems is well worth it
I hope I can help you with this league.
then anything is available and
I'm enjoying coming to you, in
portugal the channel register here in the
hospital too
igor also brings hits to Czech voucher